[OSDOCS-11968]: Proxy docs for HCP (#87863)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-proxy-ignition.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * hosted_control_planes/hcp-networking.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="hcp-proxy-ignition_{context}"]
= Compute nodes that need to access an ignition endpoint

> When compute nodes need a proxy to access the ignition endpoint, the proxy must be configured in the user-data stub that is configured on the compute node when it is created. For cases where machines need a proxy to access the ignition URL, the proxy configuration is included in the stub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When compute nodes need a proxy to access the ignition endpoint, you must configure the proxy in the user-data stub that is configured on the compute node when it is created. For cases where machines need a proxy to access the ignition URL, the proxy configuration is included in the stub.
```

- Active vs passive voice

Author: Will fix.

The stub resembles the following example:

[source,terminal]
---

> {"ignition":{"config":{"merge":[{"httpHeaders":[{"name":"Authorization","value":"Bearer ..."},{"name":"TargetConfigVersionHash","value":"a4c1b0dd"}],"source":"https://ignition.controlplanehost.example.com/ignition","verification":{}}],"replace":{"verification":{}}},"proxy":{},"security":{"tls":{"certificateAuthorities":[{"source":"...","verification":{}}]}},"timeouts":{},"version":"3.2.0"},"passwd":{},"storage":{},"systemd":{}}

Reviewer 2: nit:
It would be good to include values for the proxy fields in the stub for this example:

> `{"ignition":{"config":{"merge":[{"httpHeaders":[{"name":"Authorization","value":"Bearer ..."},{"name":"TargetConfigVersionHash","value":"a4c1b0dd"}],"source":"https://ignition.controlplanehost.example.com/ignition","verification":{}}],"replace":{"verification":{}}},"proxy":{"httpProxy":"http://proxy.example.org:3128", "httpsProxy":"https://proxy.example.org", "noProxy":"host.example.org"},"security":{"tls":{"certificateAuthorities":[{"source":"...","verification":{}}]}},"timeouts":{},"version":"3.2.0"},"passwd":{},"storage":{},"systemd":{}}
`

Author: Thank you, @csrwng! I added the values to the proxy field.
